feat(changelog): generative-apis-changed-mistral-small-31-and-deepseek-r 2025-06-03 (#5054)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2025/2025-06-03-generative-apis-changed-mistral-small-31-and-deepseek-r.mdx

---
title: Mistral Small 3.1 and Deepseek R1 Distilled Lama are now Generally Available
status: changed
date: 2025-06-03
category: ai-data
product: generative-apis
---

> [Mistral-small-3.1-24b-instruct-2503](/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#multimodal-models-chat-and-vision) and [Deepseek-R1-Distill-Llama-70b](/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#chat-models) model exit preview phase and are now Generally Available.
> Their lifecycle will now follow Active status in our [model lifecycle policy](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/generative-apis/reference-content/model-lifecycle/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Mistral-small-3.1-24b-instruct-2503](/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#multimodal-models-chat-and-vision) and [Deepseek-R1-Distill-Llama-70b](/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#chat-models) models are now in Generally Availability.

Their lifecycle will now follow the `Active` status in our [model lifecycle policy](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/generative-apis/reference-content/model-lifecycle/).
```

---

> title: Mistral Small 3.1 and Deepseek R1 Distilled Lama are now Generally Available

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Mistral Small 3.1 and Deepseek R1 Distilled Lama are now in General Availability
```

status: changed
date: 2025-06-03
category: ai-data
product: generative-apis
---

> The [Mistral-small-3.1-24b-instruct-2503](/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#multimodal-models-chat-and-vision) and [Deepseek-R1-Distill-Llama-70b](/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#chat-models) models are now in Generally Availability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Mistral-small-3.1-24b-instruct-2503](/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#multimodal-models-chat-and-vision) and [Deepseek-R1-Distill-Llama-70b](/generative-apis/reference-content/supported-models/#chat-models) models are now in General Availability.
```

> Their lifecycle will now follow the `Active` status in our [model lifecycle policy](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/generative-apis/reference-content/model-lifecycle/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Their lifecycle will now follow the lifecycle for `Active` status models in our [model lifecycle policy](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/generative-apis/reference-content/model-lifecycle/).
```
